The year is 2086 and the war within nature has ended. We all now tread very carefully and the world is a vastly richer place. This breakthrough was thanks to two main areas of discovery. The first was the development of lab grown meat. This put the building blocks in place for a much more collaborative existence. The second was a breakthrough in communication between all species using specialist software in use now by every man, woman, child animal, bird, fish and insect.
Witnessing these breakthroughs being brought into mainstream society has been one of the most exciting experiences imaginable. It is simply remarkable to find yourself able to talk to any species you wish. It has also led to some of the most ground-breaking scientific developments I have ever witnessed. Cancer is now history, as is hunger, poverty and space exploration is now a significantly joint affair. No-one could have imagined the intelligence that are neighbours and fellow inhabitants of the earth could have brought to the table. We all now only shake our heads in shame at the previous dark existences that we all led.
A greater number of people enjoy gently strolling from place to place and
it is illegal to turn a communication software device off as it could potentially cause death or injury. This is taken with great appreciation by the majority of people though who are always in awe of the amazing conversations that can be had between God’s species.
Species safety is a greatly important aspect to society now, with constant innovations and technological improvements being made to keep everyone safe. It is the staggering level of comradery that has made this world such a richer place since the dark days.
The immense intelligence improvements and brain power when all species are communicating and working together is staggering. Another blessing has been the lack of grudges being held between species of previous conflict. The sincerity in believe for change for the better has cemented the focus of all to improve the world that surrounds us.
Politics is now mainly a thing of the past as all that is voted on it done electronically with input from all the species. There just exists one democratically elected global council made up of around 9 million candidates, one leader from every species, this council has the power to veto decisions if it feels they are being made with too much haste until more time has been allowed for discussion of the notions concerned.
Healthcare has seen dramatic improvements, with the development of a global health system supported and contributed too by the global community of species. This is the phrase I would generally use to refer to our planet, “the global community of species” of which I am pleased to be a part of. Depression has also vanished of the face of the earth since inter-species communication took off. This has also had the effect of dramatically increased productivity as the effect that human depression was having on the world was largely under-cited until inter-species communication developed and depression vanished. It is frankly no wonder that the humans alone had such difficulty keeping the economy strong and healthy, with such drastic levels of depression running through society.
